One of the things that I'm trying to get
better at right now is my Japanese. So,
I've been studying for a while now and I
recently [music] moved to Japan. So, I
use this app called Anki, which I've
made a video about before. And [music]
in the past, one of the most
time-consuming things was to make
Japanese flashcards. But now, I've set
up an automation with Cloud Code to
basically check my to-do app. And if in
the to-do app, I have a new word, then
it will just automatically make an Anki
card for me, which is pretty amazing.
So, it'll take the word, it'll find the
example sentence, find the definition
[music]
based on the dictionaries I gave it, and
it will just make the flashcard. And so,
this has really automated my Japanese
study. So, all I have to do is open up
the flashcard app and I can study new
words every single day.